Misc 2019 updates (#242)
osuosl/osuosl-pelican: content/blog/posts/osl-alumni-matthew-tesla.rst

OSL Alumnus Matthew Johnson on working at Tesla
===============================================
:date: 2019-03-07
:slug: osl-alumni-matthew-johnson
:author: Jerry Peng
:img: matthew.jpg
:tag: featured-stories

Matthew Johnson is an OSU alumnus who now works at Tesla as a senior software engineer.  He is a veteran of the U.S

> Marine Corp Infantry and served as a police officer.  At Oregon State University, he worked for the Open Source Lab and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Marine Corps Infantry and served as a law enforcement officer.  At Oregon State University, he worked for the Open Source Lab and
```
